Update README.md (#1)
vasudevgupta7/bigbird: README.md

key_tokens = set()
```

> Nearby tokens are important obviously because in a sentence (sequence of words), the current word is highly dependent on neighboring future & past tokens. This intuitoin is the idea behind the concept of `sliding attention`.

Author: ```suggestion
Nearby tokens are important because in a sentence (sequence of words), the current word is highly dependent on neighboring future & past tokens. This intuition is the idea behind the concept of `sliding attention`.
```

```python
# Let's update `set` with nearby tokens
sliding_tokens = ["<something>", "....."]

> key_tokens.update(sliding_tokens)

Author: I have a hard time undrestanding this

Author: I would probably define one input sentence of let's say 10 words and then say let's see what tokens the 3rd word attends to.

E.g. in "Today is a nice day and I will go hiking"

we collect all other words "nice" is attending to assuming that "Today is a global token and the sliding window length is 2 

then you would collect "Today" (for global attn), "nice" and "day" (for sliding) and let's say "will" for random. I think this would make everything a bit clearer than always adding "<something>"

```

**Long range dependencies:** For some tasks, it is crucial that the model is able to capture long range relationships between tokens. *E.g.*, in `question-answering` the model needs to compare each token of the context to the whole question to be able to figure out which part of the context is useful for a correct answer. If most of the context tokens would just attend to other context tokens, but not to the question, it becomes much harder for the model to filter important context tokens from less important context tokens.

Now, `BigBird` proposes two ways of allowing long-term attention dependencies while staying computationally efficient.

* Introduce some tokens which will attend to every token and which are attented by every token. Eg: "HuggingFace is building nice libraries for easy NLP". Now, let's say 'building' is defined as a global token, and we want to associate 'NLP' with 'HuggingFace' for some task; Now having 'building' attend globally to all other tokens will probably help the model to assiciate 'NLP' with 'HuggingFace'.

```python
# fill up global tokens in our `set`

> global_tokens = ["<something>", "....."]

Author: Same here, compared to the code above this is hard to understand -> what is "<something>" ? How does this differ to sliding attention?

key_tokens.update(global_tokens)
```

* Introduce some random tokens which will transfer information by transfering to other tokens which in turn can transfer to other tokens. This may reduce the cost of information travel from one token to other.

```python
# Let's add random tokens to our `set`

> random_tokens = ["<something>", "....."]

Author: what's the difference here to the above ones? Maybe use different words?

key_tokens.update(random_tokens)
```

Now, we just need our token to attend this `set` & possibly it will represent all the tokens nicely. The same approach is used for all other tokens. 
But remember, the idea here is to approximate `BERT`'s full attention as efficiently as possible. This is when `BigBird`'s block sparse attention comes into the picture.

### Understanding Big Bird's attention with Graphs

Let's try to understand the need of `global`, `sliding` & `random` attention using graphs.

<img src="assets/global.png" width=256 height=200> </img>
<img src="assets/sliding.png" width=256 height=200> </img>
<img src="assets/random.png" width=256 height=200> </img> <br>

> *The above figure shows `global` (left), `sliding` (middle) & `random` (right) connections respectively as a graph. Each node corresponds to a token and each dotted-line represents attention score. If no connection is made between 2 tokens, then attention score is assumed to 0.*

Author: I like the graphs! However I think you have to say that you assume that the attention matrix is symmetric, *i.e.* If A attends to B , then B attends to A. Otherwise the graph is not fully correct since there would be two connections between each node. 

Also in such a fully connected graph we don't have 81 edges but 8 + 7 + 6 + ... + 1 = 36 edges

> BigBird block sparse attention is simply combination of these 3 figures. While in normal attention, all 36 connections (note: total 9 nodes are present) would have been present in above figure. You can simply think of normal attention as all the tokens attending globally.

Author: Also remember why you show these graphs - IMO it's nice to show the graphs because you want to explain how full attention <=> fully connected graph <=> each tokens has **direct** access to each other node. => sliding attention only to neighbouring nodes & random attention then helps significantly to shorten the distance from one node to the other. So the graphs should really be used to show how random attention helps to shorten the way it takes for one token to reach another token. I think you should add a couple more sentences here
